+++
abstract = "Estimation of evapotranspiration plays an important role in understanding the water cycle on the earth, especially the water budget in agricultural ecosystems. The parameterization approach of the Penman-Monteith-Katerji-Perrier (PM-KP) model, accounting for the influence of meteorological variables and aerodynamic resistance on surface resistance, was proposed in the literature, but it has not been applied to Asian croplands, and its error and sensitivity have not been reported yet. In this study, the estimation of evapotranspiration on half-hourly scale was carried out for two typical East Asian cropland research sites, and evaluated by using eddy-covariance measurements corrected with the energy-balance-closure concept. Sensitivity coefficients as well as systematic bias and random errors of the PM-KP approach were used to evaluate the model performance. Different distributions of the calibration coefficients between different crops were reported for the first time, indicating that the calibration of this model was more stable for the rice field than for the potato field. The commonly-used parameterization approach suggested by the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) was used as reference and was site-specifically optimized. The results suggest that the PM-KP approach would be a better alternative than the PM-FAO approach for estimating evapotranspiration for the flooded rice field, and an acceptable alternative for rain-fed croplands when the soil is well watered and the air is humid during the summer monsoon. "
abstract_short = ""
authors = ["Peng Zhao", "Johannes Lüers"]
date = "2017-06-20"
image_preview = ""
math = true
publication_types = ["2"]
publication = "Atmosphere, 2017, 8(6), 111"
publication_short = "Atmosphere"
selected = true
title = "Parameterization of Evapotranspiration Estimation for Two Typical East Asian Crops"
url_pdf = "http://www.mdpi.com/2073-4433/8/6/111/pdf"

# Optional featured image (relative to `static/img/` folder).
[header]
image = ""
caption = "My caption :smile:"

+++

